W-10588485-ftp-examples-update-kt (#1793)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ftp/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/ftp-copy-move.adoc

= Copy and Move Files with the FTP Connector Example - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::ftp/ftp-copy-move.adoc

> The Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) *Copy* and *Move* operations enable you to copy and move files or directories on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) provides *Copy* and *Move* operations that enable you to copy and move files or directories on demand.
```

. Set *Target path* to the directory path into which to copy the file, for example, `backup`.
. Set *Rename to* to rename the file as part of the operation, for example, `renamed.txt`. +
This field must be a filename, not a path. If this attribute is not provided, the original filename is used.

image::ftp-copy-operation.png[Copy operation configuration in Studio]

In the Configuration XML editor, the `<ftp:copy>` configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<ftp:copy sourcePath="source.txt" targetPath="backup"
  overwrite="true|false" createParentDirectories="true|false"
  renameTo="renamed.txt"/>
----

== Configure the Move Operation in Studio

To add and configure the *Move* operation in Studio, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `ftp` and select the *Move* operation.
. Drag the *Move* operation onto the Studio canvas.
. In the *General* tab of the operation configuration screen, click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. Specify the connection information and click *OK*.
. Set *Source path* to the path of the file to move, for example, `source.txt`.

> . Set *Target path* to the directory path into which to move the file, for example `backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Target path* to the directory path into which to move the file, for example, `backup`.
```
